So far we have seen how to use API to search data of movies.
Now the second thing is that we have to set the search data that we have now.
And then we have to show the data to the user.
So now to set the data we use states in react.
So what are states?
States are basically used to set the data.
For now you know this much.
So how are states written?
So you define a constant state here.
And after defining a const you open it with a square bracket.
You put two parameters in the square bracket.
The first parameter is variable.
And the second parameter is set the variable.
So in the first parameter you declare any variable.
And in the second you set it.
For example, we are searching movies here.
And then the data of that movie.
We have to set it.
So we define it as set movies.
These two things we define here.
Now basically a use state hook is applied to it.
Use state hook.
So to use it what you have to do first is to import it from here.
Which has automatically been imported above due to the functionality of VS Code.
Now in this we define what kind of data we are going to set.
Like the set movies that we will set here.
What kind of data will it be?
So in our case it is a list of movies.
That means when you saw that we searched movies.
So a list of movies came.
So we have to set it.
So we set a list of movies here.
So for this we have used an array here.
And list of movies means that we are storing an array of movies.
Second thing.
Now we are setting these movies.
For this we will first search the name of the movie from the user.
Then we will set the same data.
So when the user will search.
So for that also we have to make a state.
We name it as search term.
Whatever the user will search.
It will be set in this.
And set search term.
Now slowly you will understand everything well.
When we will do the code now.
So in this basically what we will do.
We will set the search term of the user.
Whatever the user wants to search.
It will be set here.
So here we have used an empty string.
Because here we will want the user to set a string.
He will search a string.
Right.
A string will search the user.
So here we will.
Here we will set the value as a string.
Now our work is down here.
Near the return.
Where we will write our jsx.
And there only the user will be shown in the web page.
So here the first thing we have to make.
That is a search box.
So for this we will first make a div to make a search box.
Whose class name we will give app.
So you will write dot app.
So because of the functionality of the ds code.
A div will be created automatically.
Whose class name will be app.
After this you have to give it an id.
Search.
We will make this div with the search id.
And in this we will make one more div.
This is the main div.
In which there will be a full search box.
We will make one more div.
Whose class name we will give search.
So this is the input for the search box.
And here in this we will make an input.
Sorry.
In this we will use an input.
We will make an input tag.
What will happen in the input tag.
Basically there will be a search input.
So here type is equal to text already.
Attribute is set.
Second attribute we will put is placeholder.
In which by default it will be written search for movies.
So by default user will see this thing in the search box.
Second thing is value.
Means we have to set the value here.
In the search box.
Whatever user will search.
We have to set that value.
So we have already made a state above here.
By doing set search term.
And by doing search term.
So we will put this thing in value.
Because whatever user will search will be set in this.
And the same thing will be shown in the search box.
So here we will set the search term in value.
And the second attribute will be onChange.
Now what will onChange do?
Whenever any user will type.
So this will be put in the search term.
Means for example users typed ironman.
So it will set ironman in the search term.
So here we will make a callback function.
In which we will capture an event.
Event means whatever user will be typing.
We will capture the event of that.
And we will set it here.
Set in the search term.
So we will set some value like this.
In which we will write e.target.value.
So now we will understand what is it.
We basically said here.
Whatever user is typing.
Capture it as an event.
E.
We gave the name of that event as e.
We said whatever user is typing.
Whatever is typing.
We will set it in the set search term.
To set in the search term.
We will use the set search term and set it.
So basically whatever user will search here.
It will be shown here.
So for now let's see the web page.
There we should get a search box.
Very basic.
So once we go.
So see our web page.
It has a very basic search box.
On top.
Now here for now there is an error.
So this error will be coming because of API.
We will fix this too.
But for now you saw how it was.
After this we do one thing.
We go back to the code editor.
And we check our terminal once.
What error is coming in it.
There is a warning.
That brother.
You have made movie and set movies.
But you never used it.
So this is also true.
We have made set movies and movies.
We did not use it.
We will use it slowly.
Before that I want one thing.
That you have given CSS in the code section.
In which you have given CSS of the whole page.
Style sheets have been given.
You copy it.
Go to app.css and paste it.
So I have already copied it.
So we will go to app.css.
And here we will remove whatever is already there.
And we will paste what we have copied there.
Because the whole CSS.
We wanted that you do not waste your time in design.
You learn logic.
Because the questions asked in the interview.
Wherever you go.
So you are working on the main logic.
Styles.
You can do it by searching from chrome, internet, chat, gpt, google.
This style is not the matter.
The thing is logic.
So we want you to focus on logic.
So we have already given you styles.
We will explain you the styles too.
So now we check the app once.
So see this.
Here our web page looks something like this.
You can see.
It has become a search box.
And all these things have happened.
Right.
So this is our basic web page.
After this.
The second thing is.
Now we have to do.
Let's put a search image too.
Search box.
The search box that is visible to us.
It is also necessary to see an image in it.
So we put an image somewhere here.
So what you have to do to put a search button.
First of all.
You have to go to your source folder.
There you have to click on the source folder.
And you have to make a new file.
Which you have to name as search.svg.
Search.svg.
We will put a svg code in it.
Search image.
The search button will be your svg.
So for that we have given you a svg code by doing a search.svg in the code section.
You just have to copy it from there and paste it in it.
Now what you have to do.
You just have to import it in your app.
And you have to use it as a search icon.
So what you have to do to import.
You have to write import here.
And you can give any name to this search svg.
I have given the name by doing a search icon.
And you can write the path of this svg here.
Search.svg.
We have imported search.svg in the code with the name of this search icon.
Now what we have to do.
Now we have to make an image tag just below the input tag.
And in the image tag.
We have to give a search icon in the source.
Which we have just imported.
We have to just give a search icon here.
By doing a search icon.
We have to give this.
After that we are giving an alternative name from here.
When the image is not loaded.
Then it will show search.
So we have done so much work.
Now the second thing is.
Now we want that when the user clicks on his search button at any time.
Then the movie should be searched.
So we will put an onclick method here.
And in onclick we will make a callback function here.
Which will do that when the user clicks on the search button.
Then our function of search movies will be called.
Which is the function of search movies?
This one.
Which we used while calling API.
You must remember.
When we locked the data in the console.
Then we saw that the function of search movies was working.
So we called the function of search movies.
As soon as the user clicks on the search button.
And in the search movies function we used a parameter.
The name of the movie.
So where will the name of the movie come from?
The name of the movie will come from the search term.
See this.
Which the user had put in the input box.
He had put the search term.
See this.
You must remember.
So this search term.
We have to put a parameter in it.
Because it will search the search term.
Now after this.
Let's go to the web page and check once.
Is the movie being searched or not?
So we go to the web page.
Go to the web page.
And here you must be able to see.
See our search button is also seen here.
See the search button has also come here.
Now let's do one thing.
Here we open our console.
We open the console here.
Now our console is empty.
Nothing in the console.
Now here we search a movie.
I search the name of the movie for example Iron Man here.
And I click it here.
As soon as I clicked it.
So the function of search movies was called.
And it locked the data in the console.
So see the search results have come.
And here we have got 10 arrays.
In this see the movies of Iron Man have come.
Iron Man.
Iron Man 3.
Iron Man 2.
So you are able to see.
The whole search data is visible to us.
So here we have successfully implemented the search in our code.